Who are we? We began farming at 54 after decades of large gardens and planning. We are now 75, healthy, happy, look forward to everyday, and have no plans for retirement as this is the best thing we have ever done! Fred was both a software and quality engineer for 30 years. Sue, a mom first, and a medical technologist after the kids were gone.

We raise 100% grass-fed, finished, and unmedicated superior quality Angus cattle.

Available Quantities: 1/8 or 1/2. 1/4 is simply 2/8. Halves offer custom cutting to your exact specification. Eighths weigh ~50 lbs. and halves weigh ~200 lbs.. All beef is dry aged for 2 full weeks then cut and vacuum sealed by our professional butcher.

The entire farm is a show place: clean, neat, and orderly!
Why is that important? We raise food and believe it ought to be accomplished in a clean and safe environment! That this is controversial makes one wonder.

Our pastures appear as county parks surrounded by huge oaks and black walnut trees. One cannot even find manure in the pastures as the dung beetles have removed it underground, literally in minutes after being deposited, to feed their young.

Yes, dung beetles! Many thought that they only live in Africa as seen in nature programs. Indeed, we have them here in great quantities based on sample analysis, where an indefinite amount of varieties were discovered by Cornell. As we utilize no substances that would harm them, they thrive. This is just one example of our totally natural operation.

Why are dung beetles important? Removing the dung underground reduces and eliminates various pests on the cattle that are attracted by the dung., while also naturally fertilizing our pastures. This and our managed grazing methodology ensures that the pastures rebound quickly so that weeks later, when our cattle visit that same location, they find it again - pristine! This is how the herds of Bison lived and thrived in North America.

We raise only the championship Black Angus Beef Cattle with superior genetics sourced from the highest quality in North America for exclusively 100% grass-fed Angus - the WYE Plantation.

We purchased this farm in 1978 and have never applied any herbicides, pesticides, or artificial substances to this land! You are invited to walk our beautiful native pastures as we do managed grazing and move 3 times per day forward so that the pastures are never overgrazed. This process is innovative and stress-free for both the farmer and the cattle - a visit is highly recommended. Our 40 acres of grass easily supports all of our cattle.

Understanding the life cycle of the weeds allows one to easily manage them on pasture without poisons. The only motorized equipment used is a tractor with a mower. Our pastures annually improve in this natural environment.

We sell only to individuals and in quantities of 1/8 or 1/2. 2 eighths equals 1/4, and 2 halves equals a whole.
Halves offer custom cutting.
Most customers are long time i.e. >5 years and some twice or more. Beef is available in the fall.

Sue and Fred Forsburg - Honeyhill Farm, 6241 Price Road, Livonia, NY 14487. (585)346-3829 - HoneyhillFarm@Rochester.rr.com

All questions and visits are happily received!