For the first time in three years, we have had to increase our beef price. This increase is only 2%! The price per pound for 2023 is $9.39 and is due to rising costs in fuel and processing expenses plus our supplier of seriously high-quality feeder cattle.

We are being upfront and transparent here in this price increase to all our customers and are grateful for your loyal support of our farm through these many years, and we hope we can be trusted to continue.

How can we hold with this minuscule increase over 3 years when everything else has gone out of sight? We do not have to purchase feed, fertilizer, herbicides, pesticides, or medications and all the other typical expenses required to maintain cattle in the conventional setting!

Our cattle grow well and naturally on our lush pastures - Simply grass, water, and minerals (salt and ground rock) - free choice to keep them happy and healthy.

As always, we are pleased to provide a tour of our entire operation, indeed offer a hayride and especially like to introduce the people to the way all cattle should be raised!

We use our tractor to maintain the pastures by mowing them after the cattle move through. This practice has escaped our conventional neighbors who spray herbicides, pesticides, and fertilizers. We do none of that and never have!

We mow with a 6-foot rotary mower when the weeds flower but before they set seed, so they cannot reproduce, and every year our pastures improve. It is literally that simple! - yet it escapes those who have bought into the notion that chemistry is the modern method! Ask us - we have a remarkable story to tell.

Dung beetles immediately remove fresh manure underground to feed their young, whilst also fertilizing the grass, thus you will not find any manure on the surface that attracts pests. Amazing how nature works in one's favor if only left to her own devices. Indeed Cornell conducted a dung beetle survey here in 2022 and discovered many species that cannot survive in conventional operations due to pesticides, pharmaceuticals, etc..

We have received deposits for 2023 from many customers at the 2022 delivery and are now requesting deposits for this year from those that are either new or did not commit to 2023 beef purchases.

$50 reserves 1/8 and $100 per half reserves with the option of custom cutting.

We accept deposits via PayPal to fforsburg@rochester.rr.com or your personal check to Honeyhill Farm, 6241 Price Rd., Livonia, NY 14487

Questions? Please call in advance - (585)346-3829 - We like to show off our farm!

Thank you,

Sue and Fred Forsburg